[CORE-10689] Adding information on how to enable NodeLocal DNSCache with the BPF (#1905)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/networking/configuring/node-local-dns-cache.mdx

If you're using encapsulation, you will need to allow connectivity from the tunnel IPs.

The Tigera operator creates policy to allow Tigera components to connect to NodeLocal DNSCache when detected.
Felix accounts for the NodeLocal DNSCache in creating DNS Logs and enforcing DNS Policy.

> If the cluster uses a BPF dataplane, annotating the DNS Service is necessary to inform the kube-proxy replacement not to resolve traffic going to a specific service IP - more information can be found in [this blog](https://www.tigera.io/blog/optimizing-kubernetes-dns-with-nodelocal-dnscache-and-calico-ebpf-a-practitioners-guide/).
> The following command shows an example of how to perform this operation:
> 
> ```
> kubectl annotate service kube-dns -n kube-system projectcalico.org/natExcludeService=true
> ```

Reviewer: If we can, it's best to format this as a regular procedure. Based on what I've seen, we could do something like this:

```suggestion
## Enable NodeLocal DNSCache on $[prodname] using the eBPF data plane

If your $[prodname] installation uses the eBPF data plane, then you need to annotate the `kube-dns` service.
Without this, the `kube-proxy` replacement will improperly resolve traffic going to a specific service IP.

Annotate the `kube-dns` service by running the following command:

```bash
kubectl annotate service kube-dns -n kube-system projectcalico.org/natExcludeService=true
```

```

Reviewer: Would be best to move the link to the blog post to an 'additional resources' section at the end of the doc.
